When is next session?
The next Session starts from 30th september 2024.The session will be held on monday and tuesday from 6:30 pm to 10 pm est. 

the date for next session after 30th september will be available very soon.

Why should I take this training ?
Covid-19 came to prove that a lot of work can be done from home using only a computer. More and more companies are then in need of softwares to grow their business. Many of these companies are migrating their applications to the cloud. This has created a growing demand for IT professionals such as DevOps Engineers, Site Reliability Engineers, Cloud Engineers, Infrastructure Engineers, etc.

So companies like Amazon, Google, Facebook and more need you as an IT professional to perform these operations.

You should take this course to:

Be ready to enter the high-demand and well paid job market in the world,
Create your own business,
Be debt free
Be able to lift your family up
Change your life.
etc.


I have no computer knowledge, can I still take this course?
Yes, you don’t need any previous computer knowledge to take this course. In 6 months, we will take you from zero to hero in the skills we teach.

We have hundreds of former students around the world who have found life-changing works after coming to Utrain. These students were originally from different professions: nurse, housekeeper, courier, pharmacist, engineer, medical Doctor, etc.

So anyone with computer skills or not would do well with this training.

What will be my future salary after this training ?
While salaries can widely vary, our top students start with salaries ranging from $80,000 to $220,000 year.

Where will I work after this training?
By taking this training, you will have the skills to work in tech companies such as AWS, Google, Accenture, Facebook, Microsoft, HP. You will also be able to work in the IT departments of:

Banks: JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, Bank of America,
e-commerce and stores : Amazon, Walmart, eBay, Costco, etc.
Private sectors : Accenture, Boeing, Booz Allen Hamilton, Man Tech, Coca-Cola, etc.
Restaurants : McDonalds, Fridays, Chipotle, etc.
Brand Designers : Nike, Puma, Adidas, etc.
Click here to see the complete list of companies where our former students work.

What will I learn through this training program ?
Computer fundamentals,
Linux Operation Systems,
RedHat Preparation Courses,
Fundamentals of updated DevOps Engineering tools (Git bash, Git hub, Jenkins, Docker, Tomcat, Ansible, Kubernetes, Terraform, Splunk),
Fundamentals of Cloud computing (AWS),
Enterprise-type hands on projects,
Resume writing skills,
Interview Skills.
Be confident, if you don’t understand some of these terms, this training aims to teach them to you so that you master them.

How long is the training program ?
The program last 6 months with a life-time access for retake if needed.

Live online classes are on Mondays and Tuesdays from 06:00 PM to 09:30 PM Eastern time for Weekday Sessions.

For Weekend sessions, live online classes are on Saturdays from 10:00 AM to 01:30 PM and Sundays from 03:00 PM to 06:30 PM Eastern Time 

I am not living in the USA, can I take the course ?
Yes, we have students from all over the world, from France, Canada, UK, Germany, Cameroon, Nigeria, etc.

All our courses are totally online. So no matter where you are, you too can take this course.

Are your students really getting jobs after the program ?
Sure. In general, some students find their life-changing job even before the end of their training. We also have a lot of testimonials by the end of the class (students testify in front of their class mates).

As other students, you will have what you need to have a job too.

Click here to see students testimonials.

How should I enroll in the traning program ?
You can directly enroll through the website by choosing your payment plan.

We are always happy to assist and provide guidance. You can also contact the Utrain Help desk at :

Tel : +1 (302) 565 5106
email : contact@utrains.org
You can also contact us from our contact page by clicking here.

Is the training program easy ?
Nothing is easy in life. It’s all about hard work, discipline and perseverance. If you are on this platform (utrains.org), it is because you have a great willingness to take this course and therefore move to another stage of your life, leaving your current level to rise according to the goal you set for yourself.

The most important thing is: Willpower and passion.

Others have done it, so you can do it too.

what if I am not available the day of the class or if I miss a class?
The class is recorded and the video is made available to the students. So nothing to worry about.

What if I have family emergency and cant continue to attend classes?
We do understand that things happen that we do not control, and for that we can accommodate students to any other upcoming session for them to catch up.

Is there any discount?
this course already discounted from $15000 to $3500 and also if you pay cash, you get an extra $500 discount so no more discount is available than what you see on the site

discount?
this course already discounted from $15000 to $3500 and also if you pay cash, you get an extra $500 discount so no more discount is available than what you see on the site


I am more than 60 years old can I take this course?
The IT field is one of few fields in which if you can crawl and type the keyboard, then you are fine. Also looking at our past students, the successful ones are the ones that were commited and had a lot of hunger for success. It was never about their age or background. So, yes you can.

Do you help with job searching ?
Yes we guide you on best practices when it comes to building an attractive resume, we also coach you on how to handle interviews, but at the end of the day you need to sit in the interview not us.

Are we going to get a certification at the end of this training?
We will not issue an end of session cert as it will not be recognized by companies but we will prep you to take the RHCSA exam cert which is recognized in the world and it shows that you know how to administer the Linux system.

Discover our Lead Instructor
Serge Kamgang is a Senior DevOps Engineer with over 10 years of experience, having worked with several American companies. With no initial training in IT, Serge began his career in data warehouses, struggling to support his family by working two or three jobs. His life changed the day he discovered an IT training course, which opened the door to a career change. A year later, he landed a position as a systems administrator at Bank of America, quadrupling his income and achieving financial freedom.

In 2016, driven by the desire to share his knowledge and help those in a similar situation to him, Serge founded Utrains. His goal is to enable others to develop in the field of IT and to flourish financially. Since then, he has trained several thousand people, helping them become qualified DevOps engineers and transform their professional lives.

Don’t wait any longer to change your life like Serge did! Register now for Utrains training and take the first step towards a rewarding career and financial freedom. Join a community of thousands of people who have already found success in IT thanks to Utrains. Your future starts here.

Uncover the extraordinary success story of Serge Kamgang.

Talk to instructor or serge please call our phone number.


How does this program work?
Hello There! Welcome to utrains
We offer six months of training on Linux system administration, AWS, and DevOps. The next session begins on April 20th and it's gonna run on Saturdays and Sundays. 
Registration is currently ongoing and the available spots are very limited.
The training fee is $3500. But we have 3 payment plans to which you can subscribe:
- Full payment: $ 3000 (you have a $500 discount)
- 3 installment plans $1100 x 3 (you have a $200 discount)
- 6 installment plan $584 x 6
To subscribe to the next session,
please go to our home page at utrains.org,
Scroll down to the section "Upcoming Sessions" 
Then click on the button Enroll Today.
Then choose your payment plan and proceed with your checkout.
For more information, you may want to read through the school website a
ASKEDains.org or visit our FAQ section.
Feel free anytime to contact us through the number +1 (302) 689 3440 or this panel.
Looking forward to hearing from you again.
Utrains support

Alternative answer: We offer a 6-month training on the following topics:
- Linux system administration (CentOS, Ubuntu, Oracle, Redhat)
- AWS ( various AWS cloud services)
- DevOps (Various DevOps tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Kubernetes,  and more)
We put the various concepts learned into practice using enterprise-like projects to give you more practical experience. At the end of the training, we assist you in building an attractive resume giving you useful tips for job search in the IT field.
How much does the training cost 
Hello there, the training fee is $3500. But we have 3 payment plans to which you can subscribe:
- full payment: $ 3000 (you have a $500 discount)
- 3 installment plans $1100 x 3 (you have a $200 discount)
- 6 installment plan $584 x 6
Thanks
When is the next session?
Hello There! Welcome to utrains
The next session begins on April 20th and it's gonna run on Saturdays and Sundays. Registration is currently ongoing and the available spots are very limited. For more information, you may want to read through the school website at utrains.org or visit our FAQ section.
Feel free anytime to contact us through the number on the platform or through this panel.
Looking forward to hearing from you again.
How can I subscribe to the program?
Hello There! To subscribe to the next session,
please go to our home page at utrains.org,
Scroll down to the section "Upcoming Sessions" 
Then click on the button Enroll Today.
Then choose your payment plan and proceed with your checkout.






What is the deadline to register for the next session?


There is no specific deadline to register. Registration for the next session is currently ongoing and the available spots are very limited. The enrollments will be closed as soon as we reach a specific number of students.

For other information, you may want to read through the website or visit our FAQ section.

Feel free anytime to contact us through the number on the platform or through this panel.

Looking forward to hearing from you again.

What type of computer do I need to start the course?

. Also, check our FAQ area to have some clarification on some questions. In case you have any more worries, don't hesitate to contact us through this same channel or through the number on our website. We look forward to hearing from you soon…




After the training, do  we get a certificate?


We don’t give certificates to students after the training, but we give the job experience you need. We help you build an attractive resume and walk you through some tips to help you prepare for interviews. 








I won't be able to follow the live class, what can I do ?


The live class videos are always recorded so you can go through the videos at any time. Also catch up sessions are done during the week for those that have specific questions or difficulties with class materials or even those that are falling behind.


You can attend those sessions if you face any issue while going through the materials or the live class.


We also have the live chat and the tickets channel through which you can get in touch with the support team for any issue or concern.


Let us know if you have any other questions.


Thanks


Is it possible to do only the devops part of the training?

We propose a six months training on Linux system administration and DevOps. You can enroll for the next session that starts on July 8th 2022. The training starts with the Linux administration part so you can decide to ignore that part and start taking the course seriously only when we start with the DevOps part. But we will advise you to follow the course completely to be better prepared for interviews.Let us know if there are any other issues or concerns. Thanks






